In the last year we created this basic list with a button inside of it.
Now let's style it a bit nicer.
The cool thing about an item directive be placed on the button which makes this a list item and makes
this look nice is that we can actually put a lot of content inside of this button instead of the button
element and will automatically align this nicely.
For example we can use something we haven't seen yet.
And I can this is another component ionic ships with and I and I can see probably what allows us to
easily add Ike into our page.
The main thing we need to add here is the name property here we set up which I Can we want to use and
keep in mind the quotes I'm providing with de-code groups here already have.
I can property and this island property is filled with.
I can name I took from the ionic to I can library so we can use this name.
So in the library template we can easily go to the Name property and use strange Laplacian here or alternatively
simply bind name why are property binding.
And now add d I can name here and again it is already provided so we can simply x' quote group and then
access I can.
This is the name of the property holding this name.
With this we should see a nice icon so let's save this and let's have a look at our changed but now
looks better we have.
I can well we have no text but we're going to work on this in a second.
Let me go back to the editor and to actually display a text here.
I'm going to add a heading let's say age 2.
Of course you can choose a different font size and I'm going to use string interpolation to X's quote
group and output the category name category like this.
I'm also going to add a paragraph to have some text the load heading and here I simply want to output
Worldgroup quotes and now the length to get the number of quotes in this quote group and behind that
I'm simply going to say quotes.
So let's save this and let's have a look at the changed application looks OK.
But what I don't like here is that the Eicken sits on top of this heading.
And also I want to change the heading later on.
So how can we start or how can we change the placing of the I can hear.
I am Aikins this element here take more than just the name property.
We can also add a property to tell the I can where it should align itself inside of an item.
This is important.
This is how I want it to work.
In general a lot of the components work to Gaverick in some ways.
And you can always learn more about this in the official documentation for your specific use case.
This use case here is a pretty common one you have.
I can inside of an item and keep in mind this button is simply kind of for an item.
It is of course a button but with the item directive we rely on it to treat it as an item in my iron
list.
Now since his partner has Dyster I an item directive enty I can as used inside of the Spartan we can
add the item left directive to the Iken and what this will tell the I can is position yourself on the
left.
If you're placed inside of an item element which is the case of course you could also say I end right
here to position on the left.
So let me change this to my left and save to recompile this.
Now if you go to the library you see the I can ask nicely aligned on the left you're on the right.
We see the category name and we see the number of quotes in this category.
The missing piece now is.
I want to change the style of this category title.
I didn't even do that.
Indeed I showed you before but I think it would look nicer if you wouldn't have the lowercase versions
here but instead if you would turn this to uppercase now we can simply use a pipe here nothing on to
a specific and normal angler to pipe instead by adding the pipe symbol to the category title you're
simply using the uppercase pipe.
This is a pipe angle or two ships with and this will simply turn the whole string into uppercase.
So now if you have a look at this again we see that the titles are now uppercase icons on the left.
This looks pretty good.
I'd say we reached a good state of our app already in the next with you.
I wanna see how we can actually click those elements click those items here and then go to the quotes
page which will give us all the quotes for the chosen category.
Let's start working on this in the next video